Congratulations on making it to the end of the lesson.
In this lesson, we've covered a very broad selection of
topics related to the design of studies and experiments.
You learned about the spectrum of control from observational study to
experiment and you learned different ways of setting up an experiment.
You learned about separating the goals of
a study from the metrics used to measure its success.
You also learned about potential pitfalls in the design of
a study from dimensions like validity,
bias and confounding variables.
Finally, you learned about the role of ethics in experimental design.
There is a lot to consider when it comes to making sure that
your designs actually accomplish their designated goals.
So, don't be discouraged if it hasn't all settled in.
I encourage you to check out the reference sheet in
the resources section for a summary of topics
to help guide your own experimental designs.
In the next lesson, we'll discuss some of
the statistical and technical issues that can arise when conducting experiments.
This will be a vital complement to the conceptual foundations
that you've learned in this lesson. See you there.